cars dot com auto review
Hi this is Joe Bruzek for cars dot com
were here with the all-new Porsche 911
now on typical four-ship fashion it
looks like the old one
but just about every dimension is change
this is our first look at it
so let's check it out so what's changed
911 is longer lower and wider
most importantly the wheelbase increased
by
or n shit let's substantial a longer
wheelbase
helps with high-speed stability and also
copper
comforted also helped by the adjustable
suspension which has different modes
were here with a correr
F which now makes 400 horsepower up from
in with an ex our Porsche 1991 to be
more fuel-efficient
for their few features to help that one
is an autostart
stop now that shut the engine off when
you come without
when you let of the break and in fact
really not like yet well and you do have
the option
Hernan of which most people probably
well because it's
loud the whole car shakes from the car
starts handed
pretty abrupt also added is a more
efficient electronically assisted power
steering system
a lot in the system don't feel very
natural
steering wheel feels loose disconnect
the road and when you're in a corner
and you let off the steering wheel
sometimes doesn't always come back
Center
with my first impressions driving the
9/11
there is none other that it feels very
good disappearing has a very precise
feel and it still communicate a lot the
road that you're going over
for the stairwell even though Porsche
gaps
hearing right there's one glaring
omission and the new interior
and that parking brake there is no
handbrake
like a traditional sports car all
electronic now
just push a button I miss the finely
stitched
leather handbrake it just classic sports
car
that is gone less classic
is the summer now on a car's sunroof
retract into the room but on the 911 a
popped up and slide
out that looks a little hot gorgeous
sitting above reply
and combine with the spoiler it looks
like a transformer that cat stuck
halfway
for those who are worried that portion
was gonna screw up
9/11 by making it more efficient no
worries just disable the auto start-stop
and enjoy
for more car-related new Skoda cars dot
com or block
kicking the tires dot net